### *Game Critique 9/26*

"You Doesn't Exist" I found this title to be really odd for a medieval rpg game. At first it reminded me of pokemon. You wake up from a bed, go downstairs to meet your mom, and go out to the world. But when it came to the fighting, it took me a while to understand it, and I had a hard time reading everything because the battle menu was on the bottom of the screen, while the narration was on the top. I got the hang of it later and actually enjoyed playing it.
After playing it for a little longer now, I found out it's not a medieval game at all. This game confuses the player by constantly changing the setting of the game. First im in a medieval world, killing dragons, then it turns out I'm a kid playing on the computer, who also happens to be simulation of someone in the future, sleeping in a dream pod. The loop goes on and I still don't know whats really going on. But the reason why this is important is because the quality of the game changes as well, but it's hard to tell if these bugs were on purpose or not. The only thing I found that I know is a bug is if you spam the directional buttons, the character will spin in a circle for about a full second. There was also a part where I died and the menu changed to where some selections were missing, but I'm not sure if that was part of the game because dying plays a part in the plot as well. The game is basically several games in one, and you have to play each of them a certain way to go to another game. So I'm thinking a good test would be to go through the loop of games several times until you mess up the whole thing, which I think is highly possible, considering the loop of games is completely random and the puzzles are so specific to move to the next game.
